[CMSP-726] switch to gha (#116)
pantheon-systems/update-tool: README.md

### Releasing

> To release a new version of the Update Tool, simply create a new tag at the appropriate version. This will trigger the tests to run again. Assuming the tests pass, that send a release dispatch that triggers another GitHub Action to publish the release and upload the `update-tool.phar` to the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To release a new version of the Update Tool, create a new tag at the appropriate version. This will trigger the tests to run again. Assuming the tests pass, that sends a release dispatch that triggers another GitHub Action to publish the release and upload the `update-tool.phar` to the release.
```

> Rebuild [pantheon-systems/docker-updatinator](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/docker-updatinator) to deploy a new version of the tool to the automation processes.

Reviewer: Rebuild where/how? Rebuild in github? Rebuild in Quay?

Author: I believe so. This was copy/pasta from the original notes.
